c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe.config
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.pdb
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.xml
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat_txt_xml_json.Form1.resources
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat_txt_xml_json.Resources.resources
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.xml
c:\users\careshiela\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe.config
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.xml
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat_txt_xml_json.Form1.resources
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat_txt_xml_json.Resources.resources
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\obj\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.exe
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.pdb
C:\Users\careshiela\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json\bin\Debug\Textfileformat-txt-xml-json.xml
